theme = "GitHub Dark"
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
window-inherit-working-directory = true
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.825

# font-family = "Hack Nerd Font Mono Regular"
font-family = "PlemolJP Regular"

keybind = ctrl+cmd+h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+cmd+j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+cmd+k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+cmd+l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+shift+h=new_split:left
keybind = ctrl+shift+j=new_split:down
keybind = ctrl+shift+k=new_split:up
keybind = ctrl+shift+l=new_split:right
keybind = ctrl+alt+h=resize_split:left,30
keybind = ctrl+alt+j=resize_split:down,30
keybind = ctrl+alt+k=resize_split:up,30
keybind = ctrl+alt+l=resize_split:right,30

cursor-opacity = 0.7
#cursor-style = block
#cursor-style-blink = false

# Quick Terminal
quick-terminal-position = "top"
quick-terminal-screen = "main"
quick-terminal-animation-duration = 0.3
keybind = "global:cmd+shift+0=toggle_quick_terminal"

